- [Instructor] I'm excited to bring you this update,
which adds three challenges
and their solutions to the course.
Over the course of these challenges,
you'll build an API definition that describes operations
on the H Plus Sports company blog
using the OpenAPI specification.
The exercise files for each challenge
will build upon the work completed
in the previous challenge.
However, the exercise files will be separate
from those in other lessons.
In the first challenge,
you'll create an API definition from scratch
that retrieves blog posts from the API.
In the next challenge, you'll define another operation
that allows blog posts to be created on the API.
Finally, we'll see how to publish the API on SwaggerHub
and apply security to sensitive operations that it exposes.
Hands on experience is one of the best ways to learn,
so I'm thrilled to bring you these challenges
so you can hone your skills
with Swagger and the OpenAPI specification.